hello how I hope that very well in the
Today's video I'll show you how to do
a lipstick we are going to need the candle
and it is I got a spoon
very large and a small
and chopsticks
the ingredients are going to be Vaseline
I'm going to use this neutral in the
mercadona a cocoa a quintal someone
that has been spent for me but the
product and I'm also going to take this
little bit that I have stayed
and eye shadows or lipsticks that do not
use and I'm going to use this one
here and this little bit that I have left here
I'm going to mix them
and we started and as always we are going to take
well first I'm going to take what I
it's here
with the back of the spoon I'm going to
tease out
what's left of the product because neither
we are going to throw it away
and I'm going to put them in the spoon
big
let's get it all
and when I get so little with a
toothpick
the rest is removed
good
once the product is removed, we will
save to put it later and
we continue doing the same with the
vaseline
with the small spoon the back
let's catch
and we're going to serve our
big spoon
if it's another better but if you have any
smell because nothing happens either
because we will do the lipstick or
Floor to that
so there's no problem
well, once that's done, we take our
shadows and a toothpick and let's go
scraping and spooning
once we put our things in the
spoon let's light our candle
and let's wait for it to melt and with
our spoon when it goes saying
Well, the candle went out what I say
when it's going to melt, we're going
circling
let's see now this
with the
as we always go around
as it melts and adds
the necessary amounts
and it took a while
once melted what we do is
spin
and this the truth that smells pretty good
because what I throw from the cocoa that I
it was honey, so it smells great
Well now I'm going to take a little
more shadow and I'll show you
also once we cast this we continue
mixing well
and when we see that it is completely
let's take our container
now let's throw it in our container
this is how we have got it now
simply missing it in the fridge or
in the freezer for 5 minutes and
will be ready right now he taught us how
It's been good we've finished like this
is our lipstick still want
that marries a little more but good the
thing is that this color is so
beautiful throwing red with something of
shines
and now I'm going to show you how they would be
the lips
it's a creamy pair
having thrown so much petroleum jelly and you give the
touch of color I guess when I already
be solidified at all and others
they will give more color that usually always happens
this is how
I hope you liked this video and
It would have been helpful for you to subscribe to
my channel to see more videos of this
type and do not miss any one give like if
you liked it and comment here
below opinions ideas see you in the
next money a little kiss from god